Yes.
Boss.
The joint getting shut down is a big deal.
How does Lang Jiu plan to fix this?
Brother Jiu said...
he plans to...
take some men to sign that influencer, Lin Lu.
And while he's at it,
deal with that delivery guy.
Let's go.
Let's go join the fun.
If you want to see Wei Wei,
come immediately.
What are you screaming for?
Come on, aren't you supposed to be tough?
Didn't you hang up on me?
Let go of me!
What are you doing?
You're so pretty,
and have such a nice body.
What do you think we're going to do?
Hold her down.
Yes.
Don't touch me!
I...
Don't hurt her face.
Her face...
is worth more than your life.
Let go of me!
Let me out!
So annoying.
Tape her mouth shut.
Yes.
Alright.
I'm tired of playing anyway.
Make her sign the contract.
Hurry up.
Press it.
Why is it you again?
What?
Are you surprised it's me?
Where is Wei Wei?
As expected.
This trick...
works really well on you.
You scum.
You only use these despicable methods.
Let her go.
Just because you say so?
Wouldn't I lose face then?
Get him.
Kneel down.
Kneel!
On both knees.
Didn't you look down on me back then?
Didn't you think I was beneath you?
Who would have thought...
that the once...
glorious Triple Crown Champion, Cheng Ye,
would be kneeling right in front of me.
You must know him, right?
This guy...
was a legend in the billiards world back then.
Cheng Ye.
Just because of one match,
he couldn't even save his girlfriend from a tragic death.
Later...
later he won a...
fake championship.
And then he got kicked out of the billiards world.
Look at him now.
He's just a delivery guy.
The Super Power Cup...
National Youth Billiards Championship winner is...
Cheng Ye!
Cheng Ye
Back when you refused to work with Boss Nan
you were so arrogant you looked down on everyone
Now
I want you to admit
I want you to admit with your own mouth
that you lost
that you are a complete and utter loser
Isn't your target just me?
Let her go first
Don't think so highly of yourself
My target
isn't you
However
since you like meddling so much
I can actually give you a
chance to play the hero saving the beauty
Before
everyone said your reaction speed was fast
and unmatched
So let's play a reaction game
If you win
I'll let you go
If you lose
you both
stay here
Three chances
Whoever catches more wins
If you can't catch it
I'll play with you
Don't drag her into this
You're not qualified to negotiate with me
understand?
You
We won't use balls
We'll use this
It's up to you whether to play
If you don't
I'll carve up her face right now
What's wrong?
Scared?
If you're scared, you can just admit defeat
You already admitted defeat earlier anyway
Within thirty seconds
if he still doesn't let go
chop off one of Lin Lu's fingers
You got it, Brother Jiu
You are truly despicable
Hei Ba
Changing positions at will is a foul
For a grand champion like you
doing this isn't appropriate, is it?
This time doesn't count
If you dare play tricks again
don't blame me for being ruthless
Now
do you still dare to let go?
Let go
As long as this time
I don't catch it
you win
You
can
leave